To  engage  your  sports  club  community,  start  by  attracting  fans  on  major  social  media  platforms
and  identifying  your  most  enthusiastic  supporters.
Once  you  know  who  your  super  fans  are,  invite  them  into  our  dedicated  app,  a  private  hub  like  Discord
built  for  everyday  fans.
Inside,  they  scroll  through  a  feed  of  club -exclusive  videos  and  posts  with  a  TikTok -style  experience.
They can see where other members are on a social map, join chat channels for match days
or topics, and create groups for regions, supporter clubs, or events.
You  can  share  exclusive  content,  manage  discussions,  and  keep  fans  engaged  without  algorithms
getting
This mobile app gives you a single place to own your community, deliver content, and build
deeper relationships with your fans.
Behind every cheer, every comment, every view, there's real fans.
and activity driving it.
This dashboard brings that to life in real time.
Here, you can see the AI Assistant Surface Key Insights
instantly, the most recently signed in fans,
total members in each group,
and the latest five fans joining the platform.
Every query runs live, no code needed,
giving you clear visibility into who's active
and how your community is growing.
And when you're ready to expand, you can invite new fans directly through email, bringing
them into your private platform with just one click.
It's the simplest way for sports marketers to understand engagement, track growth, and
keep fans connected in one place they truly belong.